hi I'll show you how to install USB LAN
come - net 0 0 1 - M first insert the
disk on your cd/dvd drive
double click computer double-click DVD
RW Drive then double click setup the
installation wizard will shown select
English then click Next click Next then
click install wait until finish loading
click finish to complete the
installation now you need to detect your
USB LAN if it's already installed plug
in your USB LAN on USB port and once you
see a detecting icon in lower right of
your desktop it means that your USB LAN
is detecting let's check if it's already
installed go to device manager
right-click computer icon then select
properties the system window will shown
click device manager click network
adapters
if you see JP 1081 USB 2.0 your USB line
is successfully installed